# Project 0

## Meet Vitor Pinto website

### Website Structure

* **Landing Page:** This is just a simple landing page just to present the website mood :)
* **Home Page:** This is a page just to present the structure of the contents
* **Biography:** Tells a very short story of mine, in a simple structure for texts
* **Career:** Another structure for texts
* **Coffee & Cats:** A funny collection to present some nice pictures
* **Weird Stuff:** A funny collection to work with curiosities

### Files

#### pallete.scss
Sass File with all CSS formatting. This template is used for all webpages, and almost every styling is configured here. Is called pallete because of the default pallete colors used as variables.

Other styling references are used additional to this file, such as Bootstrap (as required) and Google Fonts (for fonts stylyng). They are all referenced individually in the **head** section of the html files.

The "Menu" styling, presented in all web pages, is configured here with a media query, which changes itself to show small icons for responsive design.

#### pallete.css.map
The correlation map from Sass to CSS, generated by Sass

#### pallete.css
All the styling code written in pallete.scss in .css format. This file is generated by Sass

#### landingpage.html
Just a simple webpage for displaying a nice gif. In 8 seconds, it refreshes to index.html.

#### index.html
It is segmented using bootstrap grid system for a nice responsive design, and has the bootstrap card element to group an image, a title and a comment.

#### Career.html
Very simple, it uses the "Media" element from bootstrap and the horizontal line from html.

#### Cats.html
It uses the grid system from bootstrap to gracefully align 9 illustrations of cats with coffee. 

#### Weird.html
Only using html simple elements to include some curious text.

### Tools
This website was designed using the following tools:

* Windows 10 OS
* Visual Studio Code, for designing
* Git on MobaXTerm (cygwin) for code versioning
* Github, as remote repository for code
* Sass 1.8.2 Extension for Visual Studio, for Sass features


